it is a system of recording in information in such a way that no third party or middle man were used to share the imformation.
each blocks contains transaction records with the hash encryption.

Nodes:
We can say that a Node is a disributed network of computer which manages the blockchain network keeps the  golobal transaction records ledger.
Now there are two types of Nodes:
1. full Node: it is a full copy of the ledger which is used by the miners to verify transactions and audit them and therefore they get paid for this
2. partial Node: it a Node with contains a small amount of data of the leger which is used by the normal blockchain users like (us)
So the moral of the story is All Miners and Nodes but Not All Nodes are miners


These chain of blocks are called ladger.
Each block contains :
1.The transaction records.
2.how much other owns the crypto.
Every person have their own ledger.
So if anyone try to send more crypto than they have then the recivers lager already have the data of the sender so it will flag it as invalid transaction.
It cann't be hacked because each blocks is encrypted by complex algorithms.


How the transaction is completed in crypto transaction:
1.jack is the sender and paul is the reciver.

jack send 1coin with boths wallet address ---->> with hash algorithm and jack private key ---->> then this will digitally signed that is transaction came from the jack ---->> then this will transmitted to the whole world with the paul public key ---->> then it only be dicrypted by the jacks private key.

Bitcoin uses SHA256.
Etherium uses Ethash.

Miners are those who validate the each blocks and add it to the blockchain.
Miners solves the complex mathematical problems to validates the block.after successfully validating the blocks they were rewarded by the 12.5bitcoin
The process of solving the algorithm is called proof of work.
The process of adding the blocks is called Mining.
With this every users wallet were updated.
