what is ethereum: it is a decentralized blockchain that supports smart
contracts.unlike bitcoin which only used to make trasactions where ethereum is
used for more general purpose. with the hepl of ethereum developers can make
dapps. Dapps can be created on ethereum using it's programming language
solidity. with help of solidity we can create dapps and deploy them to the
ethereum network.

ethereum basics: Ethereum was purposed by the Vitalik Buterin . A young
programmer and co-founder of bitcoin magazine. he used to agrue with the
bitcion devs that we make blockchain technology to have the much wider impact
than just making trasactions.he believes that the blockchain can used in
general purpose programming language and we have to go with it. When he was
failed to make change there in bitcoin network he made a  new blockchain
network as with a programming language called solidity that can be used on
ethereum network.

Ethers: it the currency of ethereum network aka (ether,or eth) . this token is
used to pay the gas fee for the transaction on ethereum network.

Smart contracts: it a small computer programs that which runs on EVM(ethereum
virtual machine).it is decentralized and conn't be controlled by anyone not
even the devlopers.it just a concept of (if) then or  then. 


Ethers: it is the most common currency which used to create token or new crypto
currency. to make a token we have to write a smart contract which is
responsible for the (creating token , handling transactions ,and keep tracking
of the balance).to get the token you have to send ether to your smart contract
then it will give you some amount of tokens.

Gas: it is the unit of measuring the amount of effort is required to perform
the specific actions on the ethereum blockchain.

#why we need Gas?: lets suppose if there is no gas fee for transactions So this
will lead to damage to ethereum network how(let suppose if an attacker starts a
false loop and it never stop so then no one will use the network anymore).

#Now the question is what if the ethereum gas cost is constant: lets suppose
there are two transactions(easy and hard) a miner got with a constant gas fee .
So miner will choose the easy transactions all the time and the harder
transactions will be pending for so long.


